Delhi Government has approached our institute IIIT-D to design a software application to

simplify the procedure of admitting patients identified to be infected by CoronaVirus to various
Health Care Institutes. The health coordinator at a particular camp will use your software to
onboard newly identified patients and allocate them to various healthcare institutes that have
available beds with them. Since this has been asked in short notice, a command-line interface
would do the job. You must use Object-Oriented programming concepts taught in the Lectures
1-3 for your software implementation. Detailed description of this software is as mentioned
below:
Each patient can register themselves only once. They must be registered with name, age,
oxygen levels (90 – 100) and body temperature. A unique ID must also be assigned by the
application to each patient automatically. Once a patient has been admitted to a health care
institute, your software must store the advised number of days for recovery against the patient’s
ID.
Every health care institute can have different criteria to handle the patients. Due to expertise
restriction, certain institutes might not be able to handle critically ill patients. Hence these criteria
can be used to shortlist the patients who can be admitted to particular institutes.
There can be two cases:
1) Firstly fill the patients based on the oxygen levels which are accepted by the health care
institute.
2) If there are still available beds, fill the patients based on the criteria for body temperature.
Note: They are independent. Check only oxygen level criteria first, then if needed check
for body temperature criteria separately.
If any two patients are having the same oxygen or same temperature levels, either of the
patients could be admitted.
A Health Care institute should have a status as OPEN or CLOSED, based on the available beds
with them. Once they have admitted enough patients to fill in the vacant beds, their status
should change to CLOSED.

Once any healthcare institute has filled all its available beds, the healthcare account status is
changed to CLOSED. Later, the user must be able to delete the account of the healthcare
institute which is closed. Similarly, for a patient, once they are admitted to an institute, they
should not be re-admitted anywhere else by mistake. The application user must be able to
delete the admitted patient account too at a later point in time.

Your application must exit once all the patients have been admitted.

Following are the input that must be handled by your application:
1) Add Health Care Institute (This step must automatically onboard patients based on
eligibility criteria given and ask for recovery days for each patient admitted)
Inputs – Name, Criteria, Number of available beds
Subsequent Input - Recovery days for each patient admitted (based on eligibility)
Output - Display details of the institute(Institute Name, Eligibility criteria, Number of available
beds, Admission Status- Open/Closed,Recovery days for admitted patients)
2) Remove the accounts of admitted patients
Output: Display ID no’s of patients whose accounts were removed
3) Remove the accounts of health care institutes whose applications are closed
Output: Display name of health care institutes whose accounts were removed
4) Display number of patients still in the camp (not admitted yet)
Output - <number> patients
5) Display number of health care institutes admitting patients currently (Open)
6) Display details of the Health Care Institute
Input: Health Care Institute name
Output: Health Care Institute Name, Eligibility Criteria, Number of vacant beds, Admission Status
(Open/Closed)
7) Display details of particular patient
Input: ID number
Output: ID number, Temperature, Oxygen levels, Admission status, Name of the Health Care
institute if admitted already
8) Display all patients
Output: Display all the patient names and ID’s generated
9) Display names of patients admitted in an Institute and their recovery time
Input: Institute name
Output: Display the patient names and their recovery time
